0. What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?
0. Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis is a lung disease caused very fine silica dust inhalation, 
   which causes inflammation in the lungs.
   
1. According to its man page, what does getrusage do?
1. It returns resource usage measures for a process(es), like memory used for a process or to calculate the 
   the amount of time taken to return a word in this program.

2. Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?
2. 16

3. Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to 
   calculate, even though we’re not changing their contents?
3. Passing them by value would take too much time and too many resources.

4. Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading
   words from a file. In other words, convince us that you indeed understand how that 
   function’s for loop works.
4. Once the textfile and dictionary are loaded, the main function reads the text 
   one character at a time, with the goal of constructing separate words. The function 
   knows that a word is completed when at least one alphabetic symbols is read, and thereafter
   a non-alphanumeric character (like a hyphen or a space) is encountered. Then we check the 
   word for misspellings, reset the word index to zero, and continue the symbol reading loop. 
   If a digit is encountered or a string is too long, we traverse this word in the text, but it
   won't be checked for misspellings.

5. Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time rather
   than use fscanf with a format string like "%s" to read whole words at a time?
   Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?
5. With fscanf, you must allocate a memory for a string before reading it from file, 
   and there are no limits of a length of a word. Also, skipping alphanumeric words, 
   like we do here would not be supported. Overall, this approach would give much less 
   flexibility.

6. Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const?
6. Those parameters are never intented to be modified in the functions, so we declared 
   the parameters as const as a safeguard against changes.  